Agile model /Agile methodology /Agile process.
----------------------------------------------

Agile is an Iterative and Incremental Process.

principiles:


1) Customer no need to wait for long time.
2) We develop, test and release peice of software to the customer with few number of features.
3) We can accept/accomodate requirement changes.
4) There will be good communication between Customer, Business Analyst, Developers & Testers.



Advantages:

Requirement changes are allowed in any stage of development (or) We can accommodate Requirement changes in the of development.

Releases will be very fast( Weekly) Customer no need to wait for long time. 

Good communication between team. It is very easy model to adopt.


Disadvantage:

Less focus on documentation
Less focus on design


scrum framework
-----------------
it is built on the agile methodology
it has group of people called scrum team
scrum team contains 5-10 people




1) Product Owner
2) Scrum Master
3) Dev Team
4) QA Team



product owner:


	Define the features of the product
	Prioritize features according to market value
	Adjust features and priority for every iteration, as needed 
	Accept or reject work results.


	
Scrum Master:
	
	role is to facilitate & drive the agile process



Developer or QA:
	
	Develop and test the software





Scrum terminology

User story : A Feature or Module in a Software
Epic : Collection of User Stories
Product Backlog: Contains list of User stories. Prepared by Product Owner





Sprint/Iteration: Period of time to complete the user stories, decided by the product owner and team, usually 2-4 weeks of time.
 
Sprint planning meeting: Meeting conducts with the team to define what can be delivered in the sprint and duration 

Sprint backlog: List of committed stories by Dev/QA for specific sprint.

Scrum meeting: Meeting conducted by Scrum Master everyday 15 mins. Called as scrum call/Standup meeting. 


What did you do yesterday?
What will you do today?
Are there any impediments in your way?


Sprint retrospective meeting: conducts meeting after completion of sprint. 
The entire team, including both the ScrumMaster and the product owner should participate.



Story point: Rough estimation of user stories, will be given by Dev & QA in the form of Fibonacci series.

0  1  1  2  3  5  8 . .....

1 story point = 1 hour/1 day(6 hours)

Login --> DEV -5  QA-3  = 8 hrs/ 1 day




















